README.md, before:

# up2113232_coursework

A repository to present my work for my 4th-year data science project.

Project Outline:
The task was to compare Machine Learning and Neural Network approaches to a problem.
We chose datasets from kaggle.com and chose what we wanted our ML models and NNs to learn and predict.

I chose this dataset 'kaggle.com/datasets/divyansh22/online-gaming-anxiety-data', the file is under the name 'gaming_anxiety_data.csv' in this repository.

This dataset asked gamers a series of personal questions and asked them to answer a series of questionnaires. 
These questionnaires included:

GAD - For Anxiety levels

SWL - For Life Satisfaction Levels

SPIN - For Social Phobia Levels

The task I coded the ML models and NNs to do was to predict the 3 total scores of each of these questionnaires. They were to use the answers to the personal questions that the participants were asked to predict these values.

There are 3 folders in this repository:

Q1 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how machine learning approaches take on this task.

Q2 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how a neural network model would approach the task.

Q3 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how different activation functions affect the performance of neural networks.

I recommend reading these notebooks in order to fully understand how the code works.

To understand the custom functions used in these notebooks, there is the 'functions.py' containing each function with comments to help you follow the processes.

There are also a series of libraries and dependencies that are required to run the code in Google Colab, these can be found inside the 'dependencies.txt' file, along with an explanation for how to install them inside the Google Colab website.

Commit message:

Final Version of README
Added a description of how to allow the notebooks to access the functions file

README.md, after:

# up2113232_coursework

A repository to present my work for my 4th-year data science project.

Project Outline:
The task was to compare Machine Learning and Neural Network approaches to a problem.
We chose datasets from kaggle.com and chose what we wanted our ML models and NNs to learn and predict.

I chose this dataset 'kaggle.com/datasets/divyansh22/online-gaming-anxiety-data', the file is under the name 'gaming_anxiety_data.csv' in this repository.

This dataset asked gamers a series of personal questions and asked them to answer a series of questionnaires. 
These questionnaires included:

GAD - For Anxiety levels

SWL - For Life Satisfaction Levels

SPIN - For Social Phobia Levels

The task I coded the ML models and NNs to do was to predict the 3 total scores of each of these questionnaires. They were to use the answers to the personal questions that the participants were asked to predict these values.

There are 3 folders in this repository:

Q1 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how machine learning approaches take on this task.

Q2 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how a neural network model would approach the task.

Q3 - Contains the notebook file for exploring how different activation functions affect the performance of neural networks.

I recommend reading these notebooks in order to fully understand how the code works.

To understand the custom functions used in these notebooks, there is the 'functions.py' containing each function with comments to help you follow the processes. In order to use the functions in the code, this file must be uploaded to Google Colab when running the notebook.

There are also a series of libraries and dependencies that are required to run the code in Google Colab, these can be found inside the 'dependencies.txt' file, along with an explanation for how to install them inside the Google Colab website.
